Clarify recordings TTL (#2690)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/user-guides/recordings.mdx

Additionally, when dealing with inputs, if you wish to still capture the input box but not its contents, you can use the class name `ph-ignore-input` instead.

## Recordings data retention

Depending on how your app/website is built, recordings can take a lot of disk space. To manage this, we have the following retention policy options in place.

### PostHog Cloud & Clickhouse Self-hosted

> If you're running a Clickhouse instance, recordings are **automatically deleted after 3 weeks**. Old recordings are deleted with Clickhouse's <a target="_blank" href="https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/sql-reference/statements/alter/ttl/">Table TTL</a>. You can set your own retention policy by executing a query like this on your Clickhouse instance.

Reviewer: I think we should make it clearer that only self-hosted users can set their own retention policy. What about:

> By default, recordings are **automatically deleted after 3 weeks**. Old recordings are deleted with Clickhouse's <a target="_blank" href="https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/sql-reference/statements/alter/ttl/">Table TTL</a>. If you're self-hosting, you can set your own retention policy by executing a query like this on your Clickhouse instance.

Author: ```suggestion
### PostHog Cloud & Clickhouse Self-hosted

By default, recordings are automatically deleted after 3 weeks. Old recordings are deleted with Clickhouse's <a target="_blank" href="https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/sql-reference/statements/alter/ttl/">Table TTL</a>. If you're self-hosting, you can set your own retention policy by executing a query like this on your Clickhouse instance.
```

```
ALTER TABLE session_recording_events TTL toDate(created_at) + INTERVAL 6 WEEK
```

### Legacy Postgres Self-hosted

> Recordings are kept indefinitely by default. You can can set recordings to delete after a configurable number of days in the project settings page (/project/settings#recordings).

Reviewer: Looks like we're missing the square brackets around 'project settings page' for the link.

Author: Deliberate, because these users are self-hosted, so we won't know their domain

Reviewer: O I was just talking about the markdown syntax for the link. Added a commit to fix.
